Clear problems view when a database is removed (#602)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix sorting of results. Some pages of results would have the wrong sort order and columns.
- Remember previous sort order when reloading query results.
- Fix proper escaping of backslashes in SARIF message strings.

> - Clear the problems view of all Code QL problems when a database is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clear the problems view of all CodeQL query results when a database is removed.
```
